QE-12060 create coverage badge (#548)
dominodatalab/cucu: CONTRIBUTING.md

make test
```

# Development Automation
Let's descibe the automated processes used in development.
1. Pre-commit and make
2. Branch builds (CircleCI)
3. Releases (GitHub Actions)

## 1. Pre-commit and make
Everyone should know about pre-commit by now. You should install it locally and it runs on git commit automatically.
- [.pre-commit-config.yml](.pre-commit-config.yml)

We have a makefile and if you have make installed (comes with XCode for MacOS).

> You can run `make` only from the root of the repo.

Reviewer: This sounds like it should be once sentence, not two

Author: please check updated combined sentence

- [Makefile](Makefile)

## 2. Branch builds (CirlceCI)

> We use CircleCI to run branch builds which runs runs pre-commit and `make lint`, runs each browser tests (chrome, edge, firefox) with unit tests, then combines the coverage results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use CircleCI to run branch builds, which runs pre-commit and `make lint`, runs each browser test (chrome, edge, firefox) with unit tests, then combines the coverage results.
```

- [.circleci/config.yml](.circleci/config.yml)

Only the default branch publishes coverage, which works like this:
1. The merge to default branch kicks off a regular build with build, tests, and coverage jobs
2. The coverage job generates a json file and an index.html redirect file which are published to the repo's GitHub pages `gh-pages` branch.
3. The README has a coverage badge link using https://img.shields.io and points back to the GitHub pages json file

> 4. Once the GitHub pages cache clears (every 10 minutes) then the new coverage should be shown in the badge and the link goes to the redirect which points back to the coverage job that generated it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Once the GitHub page's cache clears (every 10 minutes) then the new coverage should be shown in the badge and the link redirects back to the coverage job that generated it.
```
